WIP: Lab 4 - HPC on Kubernetes (#297)
aws-samples/aws-hpc-tutorials: content/09-hpc-kubernetes/07-cleanup.md

+++
title = "g. Cleanup"
date = 2022-09-28T10:46:30-04:00
weight = 80
tags = ["tutorial", "hpc", "Kubernetes"]
+++

> In this section, you will delete the FSx volume and remove the EKS cluster that you created for this lab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section, you will delete the FSx for Lustre file system and delete the EKS cluster that you created for this lab.
```

1. Delete FSx volume

Cleanup resources using the FSX volume
```

> kubectl delete namespace gromacs

Reviewer: Can we go straight to delete the cluster?
